alloca.o: alloca.c
atexit.o: atexit.c
atexit.o: stddef.h
atexit.o: stdlib.h
atexit.o: time.h
atexit.o: udposix.h
config.o: ./config.c
config.o: config.c
config.o: signal.h
config.o: stdarg.h
config.o: stddef.h
config.o: stdio.h
config.o: time.h
config.o: udposix.h
date.o: date.c
date.o: stdarg.h
date.o: stddef.h
date.o: stdio.h
date.o: time.h
date.o: udposix.h
difftime.o: difftime.c
difftime.o: stddef.h
difftime.o: time.h
difftime.o: udposix.h
getuduser.o: getuduser.c
getuduser.o: stdarg.h
getuduser.o: stddef.h
getuduser.o: stdio.h
getuduser.o: stdlib.h
getuduser.o: time.h
getuduser.o: udposix.h
histogram.o: histogram.c
histogram.o: histogram.h
histogram.o: limits.h
histogram.o: stdarg.h
histogram.o: stddef.h
histogram.o: stdio.h
histogram.o: stdlib.h
histogram.o: time.h
histogram.o: udposix.h
inetutil.o: inetutil.c
inetutil.o: inetutil.h
inetutil.o: limits.h
inetutil.o: stdarg.h
inetutil.o: stddef.h
inetutil.o: stdio.h
inetutil.o: string.h
inetutil.o: time.h
inetutil.o: udposix.h
linklist.o: linklist.c
linklist.o: linklist.h
linklist.o: stdarg.h
linklist.o: stddef.h
linklist.o: stdio.h
linklist.o: stdlib.h
linklist.o: string.h
linklist.o: time.h
linklist.o: udalloc.h
linklist.o: udposix.h
memmove.o: memmove.c
memmove.o: stddef.h
memmove.o: string.h
memmove.o: udposix.h
nanosleep.o: nanosleep.c
nanosleep.o: time.h
nanosleep.o: udposix.h
nanosleep.o: uthread.h
pathname.o: limits.h
pathname.o: pathname.c
pathname.o: stddef.h
pathname.o: string.h
pathname.o: udposix.h
regex.o: regex.c
regex.o: regex.h
regex.o: stddef.h
regex.o: stdlib.h
regex.o: string.h
regex.o: time.h
regex.o: udposix.h
setenv.o: setenv.c
setenv.o: stdarg.h
setenv.o: stddef.h
setenv.o: stdio.h
setenv.o: string.h
setenv.o: udposix.h
sigaction.o: sigaction.c
sigaction.o: signal.h
sigaction.o: stddef.h
sigaction.o: time.h
sigaction.o: udposix.h
sigaddset.o: sigaddset.c
sigaddset.o: signal.h
sigaddset.o: stddef.h
sigaddset.o: time.h
sigaddset.o: udposix.h
sigdelset.o: sigdelset.c
sigdelset.o: signal.h
sigdelset.o: stddef.h
sigdelset.o: time.h
sigdelset.o: udposix.h
sigdummy.o: sigdummy.c
sigdummy.o: signal.h
sigdummy.o: stddef.h
sigdummy.o: time.h
sigdummy.o: udposix.h
sigemptyset.o: sigemptyset.c
sigemptyset.o: signal.h
sigemptyset.o: stddef.h
sigemptyset.o: time.h
sigemptyset.o: udposix.h
sigfillset.o: sigfillset.c
sigfillset.o: signal.h
sigfillset.o: stddef.h
sigfillset.o: time.h
sigfillset.o: udposix.h
sigismember.o: sigismember.c
sigismember.o: signal.h
sigismember.o: stddef.h
sigismember.o: time.h
sigismember.o: udposix.h
sigpending.o: signal.h
sigpending.o: sigpending.c
sigpending.o: stddef.h
sigpending.o: time.h
sigpending.o: udposix.h
sigprocmask.o: signal.h
sigprocmask.o: sigprocmask.c
sigprocmask.o: stddef.h
sigprocmask.o: time.h
sigprocmask.o: udposix.h
sigsuspend.o: signal.h
sigsuspend.o: sigsuspend.c
sigsuspend.o: time.h
sigsuspend.o: udposix.h
strbuf.o: stdarg.h
strbuf.o: stddef.h
strbuf.o: stdio.h
strbuf.o: stdlib.h
strbuf.o: strbuf.c
strbuf.o: strbuf.h
strbuf.o: string.h
strbuf.o: time.h
strbuf.o: udalloc.h
strbuf.o: udposix.h
strerror.o: stddef.h
strerror.o: strerror.c
strerror.o: string.h
strerror.o: udposix.h
strftime.o: stdarg.h
strftime.o: stddef.h
strftime.o: stdio.h
strftime.o: strftime.c
strftime.o: string.h
strftime.o: time.h
strftime.o: udposix.h
strstr.o: stddef.h
strstr.o: string.h
strstr.o: strstr.c
strstr.o: udposix.h
strvec.o: stdarg.h
strvec.o: stddef.h
strvec.o: stdio.h
strvec.o: stdlib.h
strvec.o: string.h
strvec.o: strvec.c
strvec.o: strvec.h
strvec.o: time.h
strvec.o: udalloc.h
strvec.o: udposix.h
tdelete.o: search-node.h
tdelete.o: search.h
tdelete.o: stddef.h
tdelete.o: tdelete.c
tdelete.o: udposix.h
tfind.o: search-node.h
tfind.o: search.h
tfind.o: stddef.h
tfind.o: tfind.c
tfind.o: udposix.h
tsearch.o: search-node.h
tsearch.o: search.h
tsearch.o: stddef.h
tsearch.o: tsearch.c
tsearch.o: udposix.h
twalk.o: search-node.h
twalk.o: search.h
twalk.o: stddef.h
twalk.o: twalk.c
twalk.o: udposix.h
udalloc.o: stdarg.h
udalloc.o: stddef.h
udalloc.o: stdio.h
udalloc.o: stdlib.h
udalloc.o: string.h
udalloc.o: time.h
udalloc.o: udalloc.c
udalloc.o: udalloc.h
udalloc.o: udposix.h
uddummy.o: uddummy.c
uderrmsg.o: stdarg.h
uderrmsg.o: stddef.h
uderrmsg.o: stdio.h
uderrmsg.o: stdlib.h
uderrmsg.o: string.h
uderrmsg.o: time.h
uderrmsg.o: uderrmsg.c
uderrmsg.o: uderrmsg.h
uderrmsg.o: udposix.h
udfifo.o: stdarg.h
udfifo.o: stddef.h
udfifo.o: stdio.h
udfifo.o: stdlib.h
udfifo.o: string.h
udfifo.o: time.h
udfifo.o: udfifo.c
udfifo.o: udfifo.h
udfifo.o: udposix.h
udfifo.o: ulog.h
udfifo_err.o: stdarg.h
udfifo_err.o: stddef.h
udfifo_err.o: stdio.h
udfifo_err.o: stdlib.h
udfifo_err.o: time.h
udfifo_err.o: udfifo.h
udfifo_err.o: udfifo_err.c
udfifo_err.o: udposix.h
udqueue.o: stdarg.h
udqueue.o: stddef.h
udqueue.o: stdio.h
udqueue.o: stdlib.h
udqueue.o: time.h
udqueue.o: udfifo.h
udqueue.o: udposix.h
udqueue.o: udqueue.c
udqueue.o: udqueue.h
udqueue.o: ulog.h
udqueue.o: uthread.h
udqueue_err.o: signal.h
udqueue_err.o: stddef.h
udqueue_err.o: stdio.h
udqueue_err.o: stdlib.h
udqueue_err.o: time.h
udqueue_err.o: udfifo.h
udqueue_err.o: udposix.h
udqueue_err.o: udqueue.h
udqueue_err.o: udqueue_err.c
udqueue_err.o: uthread.h
ulog.o: inetutil.h
ulog.o: signal.h
ulog.o: stdarg.h
ulog.o: stddef.h
ulog.o: stdio.h
ulog.o: string.h
ulog.o: time.h
ulog.o: udposix.h
ulog.o: ulog.c
ulog.o: ulog.h
usleep.o: stddef.h
usleep.o: time.h
usleep.o: udposix.h
usleep.o: usleep.c
uthread.o: stddef.h
uthread.o: stdio.h
uthread.o: time.h
uthread.o: udposix.h
uthread.o: uthread.c
uthread.o: uthread.h
